Hi, Jeannie I stopped by your office today for information about
recruiting graduated students for my Human Computer Interaction research
project.  Here is more information you can forward to your departments
grad students.


Dear Soil and Crop graduate student,

My name is Nate Gillard and I am a student at Colorado State University. I
am emailing you to ask if you would be willing to volunteer to be in a
research study being conducted as part of a course project. The intent of
the course project is to learn how to design technology that makes
people's lives easier, whether at work, home, or play.  While this is a
classroom project, we may seek to publish or share the results of the
study with others.  The Principal Investigator and course instructor is
Jaime Ruiz, Ph.D., Assistant Professor in the Computer Science Department.

Designing better technology is a process that requires interviews,
observations, and the evaluation of new prototypes. If you agree to
participate, we would like to observe and interview you at your workplace
as you perform real work. The results from the interviews and observations
will suggest ways the technology can be improved. We will then prototype
new, improved systems and then ask you to evaluate the new prototypes in
order to understand how to improve our designs. Participation will take
approximately 4 hours total. Your participation in this research is
voluntary. If you decide to participate in the study, you may withdraw
your consent and stop participation at any time without penalty.

All data collected is considered confidential. Codes, rather than names or
other identifying information, will be used in notes and/or recordings.
Even though we may present our findings to the class or publish our
results in papers, only the course instructor and our project group will
have access to the data collected. Your name or any other personal
identifying information will not appear in any publication resulting from
this study. However, with your permission, anonymous quotations and
pictures may be used.

While there are no direct benefits from participating in this study, the
information you provide may help us understand how current computer-based
tools could be improved to better support the design process.

It is not possible to identify all potential risks in research procedures,
but the researcher(s) have taken reasonable safeguards to minimize any
known and potential, but unknown, risks.

If you have any questions about participation in this study, or would like
additional information to assist you in reaching a decision about
participation, please contact Professor Jaime Ruiz at (970) 492-4003 or
via email at jgruiz@cs.colostate.edu. If you have any questions about your
rights as a volunteer in this research, contact Janell Barker, Human
Research Administrator, at 970-491-1655.

If you would like to volunteer as a participant for this study, please
reply to gnate@cs.colostate.edu with the best way to contact you, and we
will begin scheduling our first session.

Sincerely,
Nate Gillard