Stephanie Szostek stephasp@rams.colostate.edu
1:23 PM (5 hours ago)

to gnate 
Hi Nate,
I just read your message about needing participants in your project and am interested in helping out.  Can you tell me more about what's involved?
Is there any particular/ specific work you are focusing on?  Right now I mostly do lab work and teach labs.  I am often cranky about how things are
never designed how I want them, or how the things I want don't exist.



-Stephanie Szostek

-- 
PhD Candidate, Plant Pathology
Department of Bioagricultural Sciences and Pest Management
Colorado State University
Fort Collins, CO 80523-1177

Office Phone: 970-491-4671

something.less.than.nate@gmail.com
4:33 PM (2 hours ago)

to Stephanie 
Hi Stephanie,

The work we (my group and I) would like to observe is either lab work or field research type work.  Unfortunately we can't observe teaching.

We would like to spend an hour or so with you in the lab on a few occasions, and ask you to show in detail the tasks you perform to complete your lab work.  Question like "Can you describe what you are doing?"
"I see you enter that data into a spread sheet.  Can you explain for me what this spreadsheet records".  We want information about the processes and artifacts used in the lab.

After collecting data we will attempt to identify and develop some sort of technology which may make your work flow smoother,  or generally improved in some way.  We would give you a prototype to use and later ask if it was helpful or useful.

I appreciate your response and I am definitely interested in having you participate.  We do however need at least three participants from a related field.  You are the first to respond. 

I sent this information to the Crop and Soil Science and the Bioagricultual Sciences and Pest Management. If we can find 2 more participants from BSPM (either lab work or field work), that would meet the requirement for the project.  If you know anyone else in your department willing to participate that would be wonderful.

Thanks again for the quick response,  I will keep in touch to let you know if we get 2 more BSPM participants, then we can talk about consent forms and observation times.

(I'm going to carbon copy the members of my group so they are aware you have contacted us)

Thank you,
Nate G.